well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
a young woman named Morgan Bullock and
we are going to talk about cultural
appreciation appropriation and exchange
we're gonna talk about what the
differences are we're gonna do this
because she gave us the perfect window
to kind of look at this subject through
unintentionally if you don't know Morgan
Bullock is an Irish dancer traditional
Irish stands Riverdance okay she has
studied it half her life she recently
caused a stirrer by performing
traditional Irish steps to modern music
and putting it on tick-tock
while black that's really what this
boils down to somehow this was a diss
upset people so it didn't take long for
people to just crawl out of the woodwork
and begin to accuse her of cultural
appropriation but was it was it that
doesn't just mean that you're not a part
of this culture and you did something
with it that's not what that means and I
would like to take this moment to point
out that given Irish Americans practices
when they first arrived in this country
she very well could be Irish skin tone
is not really a good measure of that so
cultural appropriation is where you take
something from another culture with no
understanding no respect for you
tokenize it and maybe you use it for
your own ends that's what cultural
appropriation is that's not what she did
she spent half her life studying our
stance I would have to assume that at
some point during this she's heard Irish
music if you don't know Irish folk or
storytellers it's like our thing the
music reflects that if you listen to
enough Irish music you will learn the
culture and history of Ireland dating
back to forever it is it is what it is
that
she did this for 10 years 10 years she
studied this and yes the dancing that
she does is primarily associated with
music that is mostly instrumental
however I find it hard to believe that
that's all she listened to and that's
all she heard after 10 years half her
life and going to Ireland which I would
imagine most people complaining about
this haven't
so that's cultural appreciation she
understands it she respects it she
participates in it nothing wrong with
that but see then she took that next
step she took something from that
culture and she transformed it and made
it her own in a non mocking
non-offensive way while still respecting
it and understanding the culture that's
cultural exchange otherwise known as the
story of humanity and how civilization
progresses this is why we have Arabic
numerals in the United States and
somebody right now is going to say well
they're not really early I know they got
them through cultural exchange this is
how humanity moves forward the world
would be a whole lot better off if we
had more cultural exchange so why were
people calling a cultural appropriation
because she's black it wasn't actually
Irish folk complaining about it by the
way I know a whole lot I respect nobody
had an issue with it the Irish Embassy
even tweeted out support for it was
white folk in the United States looking
to play the victim and whine there's no
issue here there's no scandal here the
world would be better off if there were
more people like Morgan Bullock who took
the time to understand another culture
but I do understand the concern because
the last time black folk and Irish folk
got together and started dancing it
spawned a tan whole new form of dance
it's work tap dancing came from
the world can continue to move forward
all it takes is a little bit of
understanding anyway it's just a thought
you'll have a good day